Install.md docs updates (#227)
fort-nix/nix-bitcoin: docs/install.md

## 4. Deploy with NixOps

1. Enter `nix-shell`, which drops you into an environment with all the project dependencies loaded ([docs](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Development_environment_with_nix-shell)). 

    ```
    nix-shell
    ```

    Note that a new directory `secrets/` appeared which contains the secrets for your node.

2. Create a [nixops deployment](https://nixos.org/nixops/manual/#sec-deploying-to-physical-nixos) in nix-shell. 

    ```
    nixops create nixops/node.nix nixops/node-vbox.nix -d bitcoin-node
    ```

> 3. Adjust your configuration by opening the `configuration.nix` file and enable/disable the modules you want by adding/removing FIXMEs.

Reviewer: The wording `adding FIXMEs` is a bit misleading.
```suggestion
3. Adjust your configuration by opening the `configuration.nix` file and enable/disable the modules you want by editing the file. 
  Pay particular attention to lines that are preceded by `FIXME` comments.
```

    Uncomment `./hardware-configuration.nix` line by removing #.

3. Create `hardware-configuration.nix`.

    ```
    nano hardware-configuration.nix
    ```

>     Copy contents of your NixOS machine's /etc/nixos/hardware-configuration.nix to this file.

Reviewer: Please keep the quotes here.
```suggestion
    Copy contents of your NixOS machine's `/etc/nixos/hardware-configuration.nix` to this file.
```

    Uncomment `./hardware-configuration.nix` line by removing #.

3. Create `hardware-configuration.nix` by copying the default configuration.

    ```

>     cp /etc/nixos/hardware-configuration.nix .

Reviewer 2: `cp` doesn't work because this is supposed to be run on the machine you're deploying from, but the `hardware-configuration.nix` should be taken from your freshly installed NixOS system.

    Note that a new directory `secrets/` appeared which contains the secrets for your node.

6. Create nixops [deployment](https://nixos.org/nixops/manual/#sec-deploying-to-physical-nixos) in nix-shell.

    ```
    nixops create nixops/node.nix nixops/node-nixos.nix -d bitcoin-node
    ```

> 7. Adjust configuration by opening the `configuration.nix` file and enable/disable the modules you want by adding/removing FIXMEs.

Reviewer: Same as above.
```suggestion
7. Adjust your configuration by opening the `configuration.nix` file and enable/disable the modules you want by editing the file. 
  Pay particular attention to lines that are preceded by `FIXME` comments.
```
